First iteration of sase series (#20255)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/learning-paths/sase-overview-course/series/video-4.mdx

---
pcx_content_type: navigation
title: Connect and secure from any network to anywhere
sidebar:
  order: 5
prev: true
next: true
tableOfContents: false
---

import { Render, Tabs, TabItem, Stream, Card } from "~/components";

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Watch this episode">
    

>     Build your new corporate network with Cloudflare, connecting any network into our modern SASE platform and secure applications, users, devices and your company data. In this video learn all the different methods of connecting networks to Cloudflare and what services can be used to improve security and performance.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Build your new corporate network with Cloudflare, connecting any network into our modern SASE platform and secure applications, users, devices and your company data. In this video you will learn all the different methods of connecting networks to Cloudflare and what services can be used to improve security and performance.  
```

    <Card>
        <Stream
        videoId="a02e5f9e58999d96c3ec9dbb0efb9707"
        videoTitle="video 4"
        thumbnailTimeOrURL="https://pub-d9bf66e086fb4b639107aa52105b49dd.r2.dev/Simon-SASE-thumbnail-test.png"
        moreVideosLink="false"
      />

      **Related content**

>       If you want to dive into detail about using Cloudflare to modernize your corporate network, read here:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      If you want to dive into detail about using Cloudflare to modernize your corporate network, refer to the following pages:
```
